# TFTnet
Three-Dimensional Frequency-Domain Transform Network for Cross-Scene Hyperspectral Image Classification

Reducing inter-domain discrepancies effectively enhances the performance of hyperspectral cross-scene classification tasks. However, hyperspectral single-source domain generalization methods based on mining visual representation information are significantly influenced by inter-domain discrepancies. Recent research has demonstrated that frequency-domain information exhibits robust stability. Therefore, this paper proposes a Three-dimensional Frequency Domain Transform Network (TFTnet) for achieving hyperspectral single-source domain cross-scene classification tasks. To leverage the advantageous three-dimensional characteristics of hyperspectral images, all frequency domain transforms are implemented within a three-dimensional framework. The model consists of a generator and a discriminator. The generator incorporates a Frequency Domain Enhancement (FDE) module and a Multi-Source Information Fusion (MIF) module; the discriminator incorporates a set of weight-sharing Adaptive Frequency Domain Transform (AFT) modules. The FDE module generates the extended domain with a certain domain shift by doing linear interpolation in the amplitude interval of a single-source domain itself. The MIF module integrates multi-source information through inter-domain attention, ensuring a balanced approach between the source and extended domains, thus generates the effective balance domain. The AFT module empowers the discriminator to selectively acquire hyperspectral image frequency domain features, facilitating synergistic collaboration of spatial-spectral features  and frequency domain features for enhanced image comprehension. Extensive experiments on three public hyperspectral datasets show the superiority of the method compared to state-of-the-art techniques.
